When you do, like if me and Yonis, we're going to fight. Cause we're like, it.
We got to get to a duel bro. The point of it, it's all.
It's all about go Randall's Island,
somebody at our doorstep in the modern day. Dull somebody else, world star.
Yo, check out this little fact. Oh, sorry guy. I dual, you know,
it's just fan duel. You got,
I got Chris for 500. Yeah. Yannis was four 50.
I I think is a good bet. So with a dual,
what the whole point of it was man to man thing like Alexander Hamilton versus
Aaron Burr. You take whatever it is. Five patients or 10 paces, you know,
there's a referee. It's, it's illegal,
but there's like somebody there watching the point is just to man up and just
say that you faced the gun.
You're supposed to shoot to miss a gentleman's doulas to shoot to miss.
Really absolute. Apparently Aaron Burr wanted to kill Hamilton.
This is where the, yeah. In the, in the whole, in the musical,
they make it seem like he feels really guilty.
But I think in real life he did not give a fry. I think he was like,
I'm glad he was Hamilton mist. And Hamilton was a,
was a veteran of the continental army so he could have killed him.
But he thought it was gentlemen still. So he shot over his shoulder,
which is what you're supposed to do. And then Berg killed Hamilton.
So that what Aaron Berg wasn't necessarily Ehrenberg Oh yeah. Sorry. Yeah.
Ehrenberg he's like a Hamilton. Where are you from? Jesus. I wish he would've.
If I'd said I'm just kidding. I bought it.
I bought it. I bought up kidding around with Tangerine, hit it around.
Okay. I'm just kidding. I was
[inaudible] with the bat,
you know like when they baseball players put weights on the bat and then we just
[inaudible] it's all going to get edited out podcasts.
Are you giving your people more work?
Say it cause it's something good will happen after this.
We're just getting more, you know, it's funny though. Five minutes in four,
four guys who were really smart back then,
and those guys really enlightened the founding fathers, uh,
th the dual as a method to test your manhood is one of the dumbest
things. Yeah. It's like,
let's just put on stockings and Thanksgiving shoes and paced around in a field.
And we Hawk in New Jersey and then shoot and shoot at each other.
But to miss for some, with wigs on we do it. Just have a fistfight guy. Yeah.
You know, just have you just play a game of Dodge ball against each other. Yeah.
We just wrestle each other and see who comes first. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
You shoot alone. You shoot alone. You're back. Like I'm the man.
I'm the man in this situation. I came first. Yeah, we got,
we should do a history on duals because I'm very curious how they started Aaron.
Aaron Burr was supposedly, so he should, we killed Hamilton.
And then he also got in trouble. I think he got out of it, but for treason.
So it's like, you, you kill it. You kill a founding father.
Then you get in trouble for trees.
I think that his career just like fizzled out.
Yeah. Well he was upset at, um, Aaron was upset with, uh,
Hamilton for such a long time because he thought that, uh, Hamilton, who,
who was, uh, very famous,
like writing all these essays about him was the reason why he was losing certain
elections. Yeah.
Yeah. Because he didn't,
he didn't Hamilton have influence in what is like considered now to be like the
post role. Really?
He was writing all this stuff and then he's like, you cost me an election.
He thought he was going to get a presidency and he did it.
And then he ended up being a VP.
I guarantee you, he.
Came at him. He was like, yo, let's go for a duel.
Yeah. We talk a lot.
Even now like this person, I guarantee you in real life,
we would all like Alexander Hamilton better than Ehrenberg. Cause even that,
like, you cost me the election. It's like, it's no shut the up.
No I didn't. It's like you look at typical.
You blaming all your problems on everybody else. It's your fault.
He was going to be infected in about 50 years. No minorities.
I told Aaron Burr to look in the mirror,
but the beer wasn't hasn't been invented yet.
They didn't have mirrors back then. I think you just have to look at a pond.
You just hired a guy who looked like what happened? Did they have beers around?
They definitely had heroes after the app, before they had guns. They, you know,
what's funny is they did the dual and I think it was Weehawken,
which is where Joe Mackie used to live. He still lives there. Oh my God.
I just think it's funny that even back then, they were like, no,
you take this to Jersey. You don't do that. You don't do a fight in New York.
You take your garbage. You guys are going to do some dumb. Go to Jersey
spot of where the duel was. And we all can it's there.
Like we gotta go on a cute hunt there.
And he was allowed to have duals in New York. That's what I heard. But, um.
No, it's illegal. What they did that dual was illegal,
but some bulls were legal, New Jersey. And then they went to New Jersey.
It was legal in New York. And then it took a day for him to die.
Like Hamilton missed. He did it. He was a gentleman and he meant, okay.
That's what he said. And he wouldn't have missed because he was a war hero.
up and burn a shot to kill like a little that he is. And then blamed.
It took a day for him to die. He went back to New York and he died like a daily.
Okay.
It must've sucked so much to be alive back then she just bleed out for a day
until you die. But y'all, if that was your Chrissy,
you probably would've done the same thing. Right? What do you mean? Like,
let's say you got shot in Houston where he got shot in Minnesota. You'd be like,
yeah. Yeah. You just, please get me on a plane. Back to JFK.
I don't care if I die on a runway at LaGuardia, just let me die.
I would start pulling fat reserves out of my butt to stay alive until I,
as soon as I got up to New York,
Aspace my heart would stop beating plain and simple.
The good news is the bad news is Chris is dead.
The good news is we got him out of the improv, which is all.
I want you to get buried next to a funny bone. Yeah. Oh God.
You have can imagine someone gives you a eulogy next to a strip mall. Yeah.
Sorry guys. We're serving. Cinnabons that's all there is around here. God,
it'd be, if I have a heart attack, if it's in a mall at a mall club, that's all.
I just don't want to happen. I don't want to die next to like a cheesecake.
Yeah. I don't, I don't want to,
I don't want them to be banging on the door of a LA Kinta. Yeah. Sam,
the show is 10 minutes ago. roped.
I just I'm in a closet with a belt around my neck.
The way I want to go kick out. Yeah.
We really hope you enjoyed that episode. Whatever it was about.
This is just a stock thing that we're taping on temporary episode.
So go make sure you rate and review us. Subscribe,
turn on your notifications,
get jiggy with it and go to patron.com/bay Ridge boys, where things get real.
Wild.